How long until it's finished?
It's gonna take a lot longer
than it would otherwise
if you keep interrupting me.
How long?
Or is getting your girlfriend
back not important anymore?
I don't know.
Another hour?
This machine...
I don't know what you want
it for. and I don't care.
It's none of my business.
But...
Sure would be helpful to know
how you expect me to power it.
- Leave the power source to me.
- Okay.
You do realize this thing
takes enough juice
to light up
the whole Eastern Seaboard?
Are you doubting me?
I'm not surprised.
You're all the same.
aren't you?
Criminals...
a superstitious
and cowardly lot.
quivering like mice
in their little holes.
easy prey for the bad.
Now let me go enlist
another mouse to our cause.
So we don't know who
the Rogues' new partner is
or what they would need
the cosmic treadmill for.
but we do know
that he's a speedster.
And he's the new Avatar
for the Negative Speed Force.
So. if this new
speedster is the Avatar...
Won't he try to kill you?
I'm not so sure.
I mean. back at Fort L.U.K.I.A.
when he had disabled my powers.
he could have killed me
right on the spot.
but he didn't.
Why not?
Maybe he doesn't want to be
the Avatar.
Maybe he's just been corrupted
by negative speed.
Like Meena Dhawan.
Uh. whatever
this new Avatar is doing
with the treadmill.
it'll upset the balance between
the forces all over again.
If there's even
the slightest chance
I can pull them back
from the brink...
It's not supposed
to end like this.
Barry. Thawne
got himself killed.
You didn't cause that.
- I know.
But I won't let anyone
go down that same path.
not if I can help it.
I-I need to go
to S.T.A.R. Labs.
Chester and I are gonna reset
the satellites
to scan for the Avatar.
- Okay.
I'm gonna stay here.
Luke Fox just sent me the
GPS coordinates I asked for--
Ryan Wilder's
last known location
the day that she disappeared.
She's the CEO
of Wayne Enterprises.
and now this new Avatar
is handing out Wayne Tech?
That's not a coincidence.
Ryan's lucky to have
you in her corner.
Thanks.
Be safe out there.
I will.
Promise.
The night before
the Red Panda's second game.
Peyton has a dream that
he is a soccer superhero.
- Hi.
- Hey.
I'm so sorry.
Training ran late.
- Mommy!
- Hi. nugget.
Jenna Marie West.
did you get taller
while I was gone?
You're not supposed to do that!
All growing happens
when Mommy's at home!
- Leftovers in the fridge.
- Thank you.
I'm starving.
Hey.
What's this?
Little one.
take this upstairs.
I'll be right there. okay?
Uh. look...
you know how I've been thinking
about us leaving the city?
Because you were
worried about me
being out on the front lines.
But we said that we would talk
about that together.
But you're--what. you're--
you're talking to a realtor?
I know.
I'm sorry.
But I saw that house.
and it's perfect for us.
It's in a highly rated
school district.
It has a huge backyard
for Jenna to play in.
Joe. it's a two-hour commute
from Central City.
Did you think about my job?
I have a law practice.
It has an extra room
that's perfect
for a home office.
I think we should take
a look at it.
It won't be on the market
for long.
I'm not looking
at any houses.
not until we've thought
about what a move like this
would even mean...
for the both of us.
You're right.
I'm just gonna get her
tucked in.
Uh...
I though the timing
was right now.
Okay. Gideon's picked up
the tachyon signature
we pulled off my suit
after the Avatar attack.
Okay.
Let's do this thing.
Come and get me. Flash.
Ah. there he is.
Here to save the day?
I'm here to talk.
By all means. please.
I know what you're doing.
You're trying to build
a cosmic treadmill.
But if you tell me
why you're doing this.
where your powers come from.
maybe I can help.
and we can solve everything
without more fighting.
I just need to know
what it is you want
and who you really are.
You want to know who I am?
I'm the last glimmer of crimson
a killer sees before he draws
his final breath.
I am vengeance.
I am the night.
I am the Red Death.
Bivolo?
What's the matter. Flash?
You seem...
terrified.
Too easy.
And now. let there be darkness.
What the hell?
What in the world?
Flash. can you hear me?
Flash?
Now the real work begins.
Wakey. wakey.
Where am I?
- You're in hell.
So don't even bother
trying to run.
Bivolo.
You were in it for the money.
Why join up with killers?
You let me rot
in that Pipeline of yours
for nine months.
I've been waiting to get even
a long time.
Now. what should we do
with you?
Okay. whoa. whoa.
Better--
you know. better idea.
Why don't we see
who's behind the mask?
I wouldn't do that...
if I were you...
That is. unless what you want
is to get pumped full
of 50.000 volts
from the booby trap
in his cowl.
Chillblaine...
what are you still doing
with these guys?
My job.
No.
You're gonna build
the Red Death's
cosmic treadmill for him?
Him?
Somebody needs to catch up.
That machine
can tap into forces
beyond anyone's control.
If she uses it.
it could damage
the whole timeline.
destroy countless lives.
What a pity that would be.
Blaine. get back to work.
The rest of you.
guard the entrances.
The blackout should keep
the police busy.
but it won't be long
before his foolish teammates
attempt a rescue mission.
You said you wanted
to talk. Flash.
So let's talk.
Damn it.
Comms are still down.
and I can't get a hold of Iris
or Joe and Cecile.
They'll be okay.
Cecile is strong.
She can protect them.
Sweet Otis Boykin.
That was one of the strongest
electromagnetic pulses
ever recorded
outside of a nuclear event.
Even with
our backup generators.
we're only operating
at 20% power.
nowhere close enough
to re-establishing
a link with our satellites.
So we have no way
of finding Barry?
All we know is.
last time we had contact.
he was with Red Death
and Bivolo.
If he's not here by now. they
probably took him somewhere.
In a lightning storm.
hot air and cold air
come together.
When the liquid droplets
and the ice crystals collide.
they become
static electricity.
something they
never could have been before.
Okay. W--what does that
have to do with us?
We need to collide
with our opposites
to solve our problem.
Wait. are you saying we need
to call Barry's Rogue Squad?
I could use our CB radio
to send out a distress call
at 160 hertz.
Hartley uses that frequency
with his crew.
Sounds like a long shot.
Maybe.
But right now.
this is all we got.
What a sight...
the so-called
fastest man alive...
Helpless...
chained...
powerless.
I don't know who you are...
but I know how much hate
you must feel for me.
But it isn't yours.
It's the Negative Speed Force
influencing you.
It feeds off your rage
and anger.
Now it's corrupted your mind.
And you think I can be saved?
I've seen it happen before.
The power that's inside you--
it's strong.
but we can beat it.
I can help you if you let me.
Always seeing the best
in your enemies
and the worst
in your so-called allies.
- How would you know that?
- Because I know who you are:
a pathetic excuse for a hero.
more than willing to stab
his friends in the back.
What did I do to you?
What do you want with me?
Nothing that can't be
easily taken.
You see. you're just
one part of my plan.
There's someone else
who's far more important
than you.
someone who will ensure
my success...
Your lightning rod.
Iris.
Hello?
Who's there?
Iris West-Allen?
Ryan Wilder?
One second. I'm crossing
the bridge into Central City.
The next. this wave
passed over my car.
It killed my battery.
fried the voltage cable.
and burnt my arm like some
kind of electromagnetic pulse.
I think I know who did this.
We've been dealing
with a new enemy.
Barry thinks he's the Avatar
of the Negative Speed Force.
Let me guess:
they're an evil speedster
who wears red armor.
Yeah. a few days back.
I was on patrol in Gotham.
This speedster blindsided me.
beat my ass.
left me for dead
outside the Palisades.
Called himself the Red Death.
When he attacked you.
did he steal anything--
gear. tech?
Yeah. he ransacked
my utility belt.
How'd you guess?
This Red Death
has been handing out weapons
to his new allies: advanced
versions of Wayne tech.
Yeah. well. I could have used
that equipment.
It took me forever to drag
myself back to the Batcave.
Then Luke told me
you guys were looking for me.
so I thought I'd just show up
and pay you a visit.
You got from Gotham
to Central City in a day?
My car drives really fast.
But not as fast
as your husband.
Where is Barry. anyway?
- He's at S.T.A.R. Labs--
at least. I don't know.
I think he is.
My phone stopped working
when the power went out.
Well. I appreciate
you bandaging me up
in the middle of all this.
but right now.
I want to help you
take down this Red Death.
Hit by an EMP. and now
back to crime fighting already.
Well. everybody's
got their limits.
I. uh. ignore mine.
This the brain trust
that lost the Flash?
Oh. thank Crom.
You got our SOS.
You think I wouldn't notice
someone tapping Morse code
into my private frequency?
- Ugh.
The blackout knocked out
every car battery in the city.
so we had to hoof it over here.
And we appreciate that. truly.
Well...
Yeah. so what do we do:
mount a search party.
hit the known Rogue hangouts?
Please. Garcia.
I came prepared.
Little help?
Meet the
Harmonic Frequency Tracer.
We set this to Flash's
vibrational biometrics.
we can find him
anywhere on the planet.
Now watch and learn.
"No signal"?
Something must be wrong
with your biometric system.
Or there's something wrong
with your toy.
Come on. what's the first thing
you do to any detainee
in this town?
You meta-cuff 'em.
If the Flash doesn't have
his speed.
then the tracer's not--
- I'm aware of that.
Leave Iris alone.
She's got nothing
to do with this.
Oh. but she does. Flash.
Whatever happens to her...
is on you.
You don't understand.
The negative speed inside you
is clouding your mind.
It's making you believe
I've done something awful
to you. but I haven't!
The Negative Speed Force--
it wants to make you
its champion. its Avatar!
That's why it gave you
these powers.
so it could pit you against me!
It wants to upset
the balance of reality.
Is that where you think
I get my powers from. Flash?
And then. I'm some kind
of herald
for the dark cosmos?
Oh. no. Flash.
What the hell?
I'm something
far more powerful.
Your armor--
you're controlling it remotely.
I built this armor
just like I built my own speed.
which means
I don't require the aid
of any pathetic
Negative Forces.
You're not the Avatar.
Your speed's artificial.
Only organic speed
can power the treadmill.
That's why I'm here.
You will be
my fuel source. Flash.
And once you start running.
you won't stop until you die.
Only organic
speed can power the treadmill.
That's why I'm here.
Are you okay?
Yeah. yeah.
It's just--
it's been a long day.
So. uh. you must stay busy.
You run that company.
CCC Media. right?
Yeah. I do.
We don't have much
of an audience in Gotham.
Yeah. well. I'm a big fan
of the podcast.
Any cream?
Uh. no. I'm okay.
All right. so the Red Death
has got all of his pieces
that he needs
for his treadmill.
Any idea
what he has planned next?
Uh. no.
No idea.
But the blackout
has gotta be connected somehow.
Well. it looks
like he's got plenty of help.
Yeah.
Thankfully. so does Barry.
He's working
with criminals. too?
Reformed...
mostly.
There's no such thing.
No. I get it.
If my adoptive mother
was killed
by the Royal Flush Gang.
I wouldn't trust Rogues either.
Yeah. but. you know.
that was...
that was a long time ago.
Was it something I said?
Ryan Wilder's mother
was killed
by the Wonderland Gang.
The real Ryan has never been
in this house. either.
but here you are. walking
around like you own the place.
So who the hell are you?
Iris...
This is gonna be hard
to believe.
But where I'm from.
I'm your best friend.
Okay. my name is Ryan Wilder.
but I'm from another timeline.
one just like this one.
except for there.
the Flash is
the world's greatest villain.
It's you. isn't it?
Red Death.
Are you here to kill me?
If I wanted to hurt you.
I would have done it already.
So. what. you're just here
to lie to me for fun?
If I showed up saying
I was your Big Bad.
you would have thrown me
in the Pipeline.
I know you. Iris.
I thought
if you got to know me.
if we formed a connection
before I had to drop this bomb.
you'd hear me out.
I want the truth.
Where I'm from.
there is no Batman.
The Waynes adopted me
when I was only days old.
and when they were gunned down
in the alley.
I swore to protect
my city at all costs.
For ten years. I locked up
the dregs of society--
Hush. Simon Hurt.
even my own brother--
only to see them escape Arkham
and go right back
to preying on the innocent.
I was Gotham's protector.
and I was losing the fight.
So I did what had to be done.
I studied the technology
of my enemies.
and I engineered
my own versions of it.
So that's where the Rogues'
new weapons come from.
Eventually...
I decided to study
the abilities of other heroes.
starting with my ally
from the League.
Flash.
I mined the data
from Flash's suit
and used it
to create my own armor.
my own artificial Speed Force.
You really expect me
to believe
that you stole super speed
to fight crime?
Not fight. eliminate.
With Flash's power.
I could put a criminal
behind bars
before they even thought
of committing a crime.
Don't you see?
The people of Gotham--
they were suffering.
They deserved a hero who
could make a real difference.
I found a way
to stop crime permanently.
something he failed
to accomplish.
So he freed his Rogues
from Iron Heights
and led them
on a war against me.
They tore apart my entire city
trying to kill me.
Why would the Flash
do something like that?
Even the Flash
has his demons.
I tried to hide
in the Speed Force.
but my speed's not organic.
so it rejected me.
When it threw me out.
I ended up in this timeline.
but I need to go back.
And that's why you need
the cosmic treadmill.
My Flash was out of control.
I can only imagine
what he's done in my world
since I've been gone.
Iris...
you're Flash's lightning rod
in every timeline.
You can convince him
to stand down
and end this Rogue war
he started.
Please.
You're my only hope.
Joe. I do not need to use
my empathic abilities
to know that there is something
that you are not telling me.
So what?
What is it?
Why this sudden rush
to get out of Central City?
What is it really about?
You know I tried really hard
raising my kids.
But back then.
when Iris was Jenna's age...
she had to grow up
with a father
who might go to work
in the morning.
never come back.
Wally. poor kid. for the
first 20 years of his life
thought I'd ran out on him.
They had to deal with burdens
I wish they didn't have
to carry.
I know. but. baby. you gave
them everything that you had.
Cecile...
we have the chance
to raise Jenna in a place
where she--
where she doesn't have
to hide in her room
because there's
a supercharged blackout.
I want us...
To give Jenna...
what I couldn't give Iris
and Wally...
A normal childhood.
Here...
while no one's watching us.
No. thanks.
You're no good to us dead.
Mark. you don't have
to do this.
If I want Frost back. I do.
What happens when
she turns on that treadmill
and busts
a hole in the timeline?
Or decides it's a lot easier
to just kill you
than help you bring Frost back?
If I die. I die.
Who would even care?
You are a part of Team Flash.
No. I'm not...
not anymore.
Now I'm just another dirtbag
who double-crossed you.
Aren't I?
- Mark!
Before Frost was one
of my best friends.
she tried to kill me.
People make mistakes.
I was so desperate
not to make the same mistakes
I made with Thawne
that I rushed into thinking
the Red Death
was the new Avatar.
But. actually.
she's a new threat.
one I wasn't ready for.
and now the whole world might
have to pay for my mistake.
and the only one that can help
me out of this is you.
Me?
You've got the wrong guy.
It's too late for me.
- No. you're wrong.
It's never too late
for second chances.
Look. maybe I didn't go
about this the right way.
But. Iris. you are
his lightning rod.
You can calm him down.
make a truce.
Wouldn't it be easier
to convince your Iris to help?
I tried that.
We had a falling-out when
the Flash turned against me.
I don't believe you.
You and Iris were best friends.
You knew her better
than anyone in the world.
If things really were
as dire as you say.
why wouldn't she help?
Because she can't.
When the Flash and the Rogues
were attacking me...
I was dead to rights.
All I could do was throw
a lightning bolt
and hope it landed.
It was meant
for the Flash. but--
You killed her.
It was an accident.
But if my Iris were alive...
she would help me do it.
I know it.
But she's not.
That part. I believe.
It's the rest of your story
that I'm struggling with.
You see. we have this thing
in journalism
called a Red Team.
And before we go to print
with any big story.
we put together
a group of reporters
and have them try
to poke holes in it.
make sure we're airtight.
If I was Red Teaming
your story.
I would take another look
at why the Flash turned on you.
You said it was
because he was jealous.
but you're the one
who's obsessed with
your enemies' technologies.
You're the one
trying to stop crimes
before people can even think
about committing them.
Did the Flash really turn
against you.
or did he see your thirst for
power and try to take you down?
You're twisting my words.
Why are you trying to take me
to your timeline?
Do you really want a truce.
or are you using me as bait
to bring your Flash out?
I am trying to protect
my city.
You don't want peace
with the Flash.
You want to kill him.
You're damn right I do!
Oh. Iris.
I wanted you to choose this
so that maybe.
when the dust settled.
I could get my friend back.
But I guess it's
not meant to be.
I wanted to do this
the easy way.
But you want to get nuts?
Come on.
Let's get nuts.
- Iris?
- Flash.
- Are you okay?
- Well. it's up to you. Flash.
Ryan Wilder?
I'm just a woman
trying to get home.
Now. you're gonna run
until you can't run anymore.
And if you don't. she dies.
That's not true.
She needs me alive.
But I don't need
you undamaged.
Stop. stop!
- I'll do it.
- No. don't.
I won't let her hurt you.
Deactivating meta-cuff.
Engaging vibration engine.
You want her to have
a normal life. Joe?
This is--
- Mommy. Daddy.
Jenna. it's okay.
Joe. get her.
Sweetheart.
You're okay.
Oh. a really huge wave of fear.
Joe. the Zajacs' house
has been hit. too.
I need to help them.
- I think that it's working.
- Oh. frak. yeah. it is.
Flash is out by Route 119.
Well. let's go get him
right now.
How do you suppose we do that?
You got a teleporter
we don't know about?
Actually. I do.
Mark. please.
You don't have to do this.
You still have a choice.
No. he doesn't.
I'm giving him
the one thing he wants.
what your team refuses to give.
It's too late.
It's never too late.
- Barry. are you okay?
- Yeah.
Mark?
What did you do?
I overloaded the capacitors.
So. instead of turning your
organic speed into a wormhole.
the treadmill shot it
all back at her.
Overwhelming
her artificial speed.
Yeah.
The treadmill's toast now.
And we gotta boogie.
- Hang on.
The treadmill drained too much
of my speed.
I can't run.
Where do you think
you're going?
I'll hold them off.
- Mark.
- Go!
You think you can
double-cross us. huh. Ken doll?
Actually. yeah. I do.
- I've gotta help him.
- No. no.
Somebody order
a prison break?
How'd you guys
know we were here?
Long story.
We'll tell you later.
We gotta get Mark.
No. the suit's recharging.
We gotta go right now.
No. I'm not gonna leave him
behind!
What are you doing?
- Without your speed.
the monster
will slaughter us all.
- Hey. what are you doing?
- Hey. come on!
Hey!
Stop!
Mark.
This isn't right.
We shouldn't have left him there.
What. no "thanks
for saving our sorry asses"?
It's not the way
we do things!
We don't leave people behind!
- What choice did we have?
Without your speed. that psycho
would have killed all of us.
not just Mark.
What about Mark?
I'm sorry.
He didn't make it out.
Well. then we have
to go back for him.
He's dead. lady.
And even if he weren't.
why would we risk our hides
to go save the guy
who betrayed us?
Mark saved Barry's life.
He saw which way the wind
was blowing
and switched sides. again.
Like that's so different
than the rest of you?
I do not like you.
- So what?
So. everything
on this planet is connected.
We are all part
of a greater whole.
Mark's life doesn't matter
any less than the rest of you.
Are you seriously defending
the guy who tried
to turn you into his dead ex?
Yes. because throwing away
even one life
is absolutely senseless.
Caitlin's right.
We can't lose anyone else.
We need to figure out
Red Death's next move.
She still has the whole city
under blackout.
Mark destroyed
her treadmill. right?
So. well. maybe she'll just
pack it up and go home.
She can't.
She's from
a different timeline.
Everything she's done
is about getting revenge
on her own version
of the Flash.
Well. that's just great.
She probably hates you as much
as she hates the other one.
Damn. you're just
as responsible
for destroying her ride
as Mark is.
Which means that whatever
she's planning next.
it's only gonna get worse.
Hey.
I can't believe it.
Mark's dead?
I know.
And...
Chuck...
I know I've been the one
avoiding having
this conversation.
But after tonight.
it just reminded me
of how little time
any of us might have left.
And so I--I think
I'm ready to...
talk...
you know. a--about us.
Allegra. um...
I--I...
can't believe I'm saying this.
but. um. uh...
look. our satellites
are still down.
and we still barely have
any power.
And now. with Mark...
maybe our timing
just isn't right.
Yeah. of course.
I can't believe
I brought that up.
That was stupid.
- No. no. it's not.
It's not stupid.
'cause. look. as soon
as we send Red Death packing.
we're gonna sit down...
And we're gonna figure out
what all this is.
You doing okay. babe?
Hmm?
You look a little down
for somebody
who just saved her daughter
and the neighborhood.
- I don't know.
I just--
I keep thinking
about that lightning.
You realize if it had hit
a few feet higher.
it would have blown a hole
straight into Jenna's bedroom.
I don't know. babe.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe the city isn't
a safe place to raise our girl.
Hey. nugget.
- I drew you a picture.
- What?
- What is it?
It's Mommy saving the day.
That's right. baby girl.
Mommy is a superhero.
And she ain't stopping
anytime soon.
Little one...
time to go back to bed.
- Be up in a sec. okay?
- Okay.
I don't understand.
Listen. we both want Jenna
to have a safe
and normal childhood.
But I also want her to grow up
knowing she can be anything
she wants.
just like her mom.
What are we telling
that little girl up there
if you quit now?
Yeah.
So we can stay in Central City?
It's gone.
All my work. my dreams...
crushed by the Flash again!
So what do you want us
to do now. or...
The Flash...
won't let me go back
to my world...
So I'll take his.
But this time. we will bring
the war to him!
Greg. move your head.